---
layout: post
title:  "Flow"
date:   2015-02-08 10:15:00
category: design
---

I'll save the sop story of my old workflow for later. My workflow is always improving. I'm always looking for a way to make things better and more fun. Designing with a boilerplate is nice, but it can sometimes get monotonous. Here's how I'm working.

## Jekyll
I make static sites with Jekyll. It's the easiest way to add blog-like/cms-like functionality to a site. Additionally, no DB, no problem. It's a lot more than that, though. Jekyll compiles all my files into a nice _site folder that is ready for deployment.

## Sass
I've modularized my .scss files. This means I've got many .scss files. .scss files can get messy quick. That's my reason for breaking them up. They all get compliled into a signle file I like to call main.scss.

My workflow isn't perfect here and I'm always tinkering with it, but it works for me.

## Gulp
I complie, lint, minify, rename, my .scss and .js files with Gulp. Gulp is also nice because it can spin up a webserver, add live reload functionality, and do a lot more things I'm not smart enough to do. Additionally, I've configured Ron Swanson's face to come up with gulp-notify. Whenever my .scss is done compiling, Ron Swanson says:

> Donuts, Go-nuts.

Fancy.

## Deployment
I've got my site repo-d on git. I commit my changes and pull from my server. Instant updates. Forever, I was using a GUI to FTP/SFTP/Whatever to upload my sites. Git deployment is exponentially better.

Finding a good workflow is tough, important, and rewarding. At the end of the day, I've found a workflow for me that helps me be more efficent, enjoy working, and be organized.  