---
layout: post
title:  "Bigemacs"
date:   2015-02-06 10:00:00
category: design
---

I'm slowly making the tranistion from Sublime to Emacs. Embracing Emacs has been a love-hate relationship. I'm certainly not proficient enough in it to use it for client work, but I'm slowly figuring things out. 

It seems memorizing a few sets of keystrokes will allow you to do a lot of things. Repetition and muscle memory are wonderful things. They allow me to do things that I do all the time in Sublime. Here are a few keystrokes that I've committed to memory.

Additionally I've rebinded my C- key to caps lock and M- key to command. The awkwardness of hitting option was too strong.

### Add New Windows
Working on multiple files at the same time is a breeze. Split the current window horizontally or vertically. 

	C-x 2 (horizontally)
	C-x 3 (vertically)

### Switch Between Windows
Having multiple windows (split views in Sublime) is something I live by. Being able to switch between those in Emacs is easy.

	C-x o

### Dired
Browse directories. Pro Tip: Hit tab to open the directory listing(s) in a new window.
	
	C-x d

### Kill
Kill the current command. Good for when I mess commands up.

	C-g

### List Buffers
List all buffers in a new window. I like this because I can easily switch to the window and kill all the buffers after marking them for delete and hitting x. 

	C-x C-b
	d (mark for delete)
	x (kill marked for delete)

I'm probably using some of the Emacs terms incorrectly. At least I'm trying and somewhat understand what's going on.